|Names|Reflections from Clean Code chapter 2|
|--|--|
|1 **converter**<br> Name of the main class|**Class Names** <br> Converter is a noun but could be more clear with a name like unit-converter <br> **Use Prononceable Names**<br> Converter is easy to pronounce.|
|2 **toStandardMessure** <br> name of object key in my converters|**Avoid Disinformation** <br> Misspelled name can cause confusion when developing further. Ive changed the name to "toStandardMeasure".<br>**Use Intention-Revealing Names**<br>**Add Meaningfull Context** <br> i decided to change the name again to "ToStandardMeasurement" to make it more descriptiv and fit in the context. |
|3 **fromStandardUnit(value, unit)**<br> Method inside baseConverter, that converts the value to the standard value| **Descriptiv names** <br>Changed the name from "fromUnit" to make it more descriptiv<br>**Don’t Add Gratuitous Context** <br> In the context the unit in the name might seem unessecary and fromStandard might be enough.|
|4 **formOfUnits** <br> Name of object key in converters |**Use intention-revealing names** <br> Could be clearer what that the name represents. Like unitSystem|
|5 **setValue** <br> Public method that sets the value of conversion|**Method Names**<br> SetValue is a verb that indicates an action. <br> **Use intention revealing names** <br> Could be more specific with "setInputValue".|

After reading chapter 2 i realised that ive been writing code for myself before. Even though i understand it its harder to make the code understandable to others. For example "***Avoid Missinformation***" made me realise that i misspelled "toStandardMessure" which wont bother me to much while working on my code but for someone else it would be really confusing. 
I realised that the naming in my converters where violating "***Pick on word per concept***". I used g, kg and so on for my weight converter but for my temperature converter i used the full names celsius, fahrenheit. Would be a lot less confusing to use the same pattern. This is not something ive been thinking about to much before but it makes a lot of sense now.
I also think that planing ahead of writing the code will help a lot with "***Add Meaningfull Context***". If you see the whole picture you can spot where the names needs to be changed to make them understandable.

|Methods|Reflections from Clean Code chapter 3|
|--|--|
|1 **stringMode(boolean)**<br> Public method that changes the desired output|**Avoid flag arguments**<br> The point of stringMode is to determin the return value of converter.  <br> **Use Descriptive Names** <br> Could have a more descriptive name. Like enableStringMode or brake out to separate methods.|
|2 **#checkDecimals(number)** <br> Private method that decides how many decimals to include in the return value|**Do one thing** <br> The method includes error-handeling, Negative numbers and decimals. Could be separated into more methods.<br> **Monadic Forms** <br> Method takes one argument and returnes the transformed value.|
|3 **convert(fromUnit, toUnit)**<br> The main method for converting values|**Do one thing**<br> The method handles erros validates type of unit and the return value is determined from flags inside the class. Could be broken out to separate methods for string, number, and calculated value. ex. convertToString(), convertToNumber()...<br> **Descritpive Names**<br> Breaking it out to separate methods would also make the names more descriptive. |
|4 **fromStandardUnit(value, unit)**<br> Method inside baseConverter, that converts the value to the standard value |**Command query separation** <br> Method returns a converted value but also manages the internal state of the class which according to the book should be avoided. Could break out to separate methods.|
|5 **Constructor**<br> The constructor of the Converter class.|**Small Function** <br> Handles errors and maps different converters to the right units. It should be separated into methods that is called from the constructor|

After reading chapter 3 i realised many parts of my code which didn't apply by the rules. "***Avoid flag arguments***" is nothing i ever considered to be a bad thing. But now it makes sense to let the user call different methods for differet return values rather then keeping track of a flag.
I also return "this" in some of my methods to able chaining which i think makes the code more user friendly. Ive made sure to make the methods that are chainable ***Do One Thing*** (apart from error handeling) they also work on the same level of abstraction to follow the rules of ***Levels of abstraction***.
Big methods is something ive been doing aswell, for me it made more sense to make one method that does the job rather then several small. But considering the understandability and maintainace of it, it makes sense to make several smaller methods that works togheter and does their part good. I also think that ***Descriptive Names*** is easier when following the principes of ***Small Functions***.
A method that returns a value but changes a state aswell "***Command Query Separation***" is another thing i haven't really thought about. For me it makes the code easier to write but i can see that in bigger scales i could be problematic while maintaining a lot of dependencies. 


## Reflection
Reading _Clean Code_ and working on this module have made me think a bit differently about coding. Ive realised some things that i lack while coding. A thing that i thoguht a lot about is that ive been writing code for myself and not really thinking long term. I went back and looked at some of my old code and it wasn't really easy to understand. I broke the ***Avoid Disinformation*** principe a lot. Some variable names were just taken in a hurry and never changed. Spelling them wrong is something i still do but now i realise the problem with it. 
***Do One Thing*** and ***Small functions*** is something i need to practise on. I think that its more time consuming to make several small functions that does one thing but in the long term that will make coding easier in general. I think that understanding ***Levels of abstraction*** will help brake out functionality into different methods.

When ive been naming my functions and methods i think that ive always tried to make them descriptive. But the mindset of trying to make the user understand the function or method without needing to read commets is a good takeaway. I think that if you apply ***Do One Thing*** and ***Small functions*** making ***descriptive names*** will be easier aswell. 
Looking at my old code i dont really see a lot of functions with more than two arguments but in the future i will try to make functions with one or less argument following the ***function arguments*** rules.

***Use searchable names*** and ***Avoid mental mapping*** is another thing im going to think about in the future. Previously ive been using (Number1, Number2) or (a, b) as arguments which can cause confusing for others using my code.
In my module i used setValue and getUnits which follows the rule of ***Method Names*** and ***Pick One Word Per Concept***, but it made me wonder about the getters and setters that are standardised in Javascript (set Value, get Units). Maybe it would have been better to use them for other programmers to understand and use the code more efficiently.
Sometimes my code can be a bit unstructured, i tend to jump between classes and sometimes i get tired of a problem and start working on another one insted. I think that this has made me make mistakes that violates the ***Pick on word per concept*** rule. In this module i named the units in my converters as shortenings 'kmh', 'g', 'lbs'. But for temperature i used the full names 'celsius, fahrenheit'. I didnt even think about it at the time but after reading the book i realised my mistake. I also used the full name for 'ton' but i think that makes it easier to use because its relativly short and doesnt really have a shortening. 


## After W2
Moved functionality from constructor to separate functions. Renamed checkdecimals to adjustDecimals. getAbsouluteNumber method. Removed flags and made convertToString and convertToCalc. Broke out #getConverters to use same logic in all methods. renmaned to getCorrectConverter for clarity convertToNumber???
getUnits kept jsdoc for user to see when hover